New pages for new functions (#221)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/varExists.md

# $varExists
Checks if a variable exists. Returns `true` if it exists, otherwise `false`.

## Syntax
```
$varExists[Name]
```

> #### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Parameters
```

- `Name` : The variable's name to check.

> #### Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

# $varExists
Checks if the variable exists. Returns `true` if it exists, `false` if it doesn't.

## Usage
```
$varExists[Name]
```

> - `Name` : The variable's name to check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Parameters
- `Name` : The variable's name to check.
```

# $varExists

> Checks if the variable exists. Returns `true` if it exists, `false` if it doesn't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if a variable exists. Returns `true` if it exists, otherwise `false`.
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```
$varExists[Name]
```

> #### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Parameters
```

> - `Name` : The variable's name to check.

Reviewer: Add an code example and output.
